README.md, before:

# PaperCollateralRenderer

[Github](https://github.com/urbit/PaperCollateralRenderer)

[Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/a4u6jBsdTgiXcrDGW61q5ngY/Tlon-Paper-Wallet-v1.2?node-id=574%3A0)

`PaperCollateralRenderer` generates PNG wallets that can be printed from [keygen-js](https://github.com/urbit/keygen-js). The layouts and static text content exist in Figma, and are imported via the LayoutGenerator component. This JSON is then saved to disk and bundled with the `PaperCollateralRenderer` and `PageRenderer` for prod. The layout objects contain variable strings like `@heading` or ``` @management.seed.length ```. `PaperCollateralRenderer` replaces these with real data. Variables can also specify special layout components like `>sigil:@patp`.

## Install

Install deps via npm:

```
$ npm install
```

## Build

How to build/run for development:

1. `npm run convert` translates the Figma design to JSON via the Figma API. You can target a specific Figma document by updating the document string and page name that are found in [convert.js](https://github.com/urbit/PaperCollateralRenderer/blob/c51c80e0e5895142b41ef06d2d48de1357f328f6/convert.js#L32), lines 32 and 34.  You can retrieve a Figma document string id by opening the document in your browser and copying the string that appears before the document name.  Each document has pages, which you can target with a name string, such as our current page [Registration 1.2](https://www.figma.com/file/a4u6jBsdTgiXcrDGW61q5ngY/Tlon-Paper-Wallet-v1.2?node-id=574%3A0).

2. `npm run build:dev` builds all files for development.

3. `npm run serve` will watch for any JavaScript changes and serve the build on localhost:8000.

Making changes:

1. If you make changes to your targeted Figma document, you must re-convert the JSON with `npm run convert`.

2. Refreshing the webpage with `cmd+shift+r` will ensure that your browser doesn't render an older, cached version.

| Commands                 | Description                                   |
| -------------------------| --------------------------------------------- |
|`npm run convert`         | Import Figma design                           |
|`npm run build:dev`       | Run the development testing page              |
| or `$ npm run build:prod`| Build the library from source                 |
|`npm run serve`           | Serve & watch build on localhost:8000         |  

## Usage

```js
<PaperCollateralRenderer
  wallet={wallet}
  className={'extremely-hidden'}
  callback={data => console.log(data)}
  mode={'REGISTRATION'}
/>
```

`PaperCollateralRenderer` has four props.

|Prop Name              | Description                                  | Type
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | -----
| `wallet`   | A wallet in the format below                             | Transformed keygen-js wallet object
| `className`| A class on the outer component div tag                     | `string`
| `callback` | A function to call when all PNGs have been generated | `function`
| `mode`     | Allows you to select a preset collection of PNGs to generate   | `string`, currently 'REGISTRATION' is the only option.


#### Sample Wallet Input
[Here](docs/sample-wallet.json) is a sample wallet's JSON.  More sample wallets can be found in [src/sampleWallets](src/sampleWallets)


#### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](docs/LICENSE.txt) file for details

Commit message:

Mention figma api token setup

README.md, after:

# PaperCollateralRenderer

[Github](https://github.com/urbit/PaperCollateralRenderer)

[Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/a4u6jBsdTgiXcrDGW61q5ngY/Tlon-Paper-Wallet-v1.2?node-id=574%3A0)

`PaperCollateralRenderer` generates PNG wallets that can be printed from [keygen-js](https://github.com/urbit/keygen-js). The layouts and static text content exist in Figma, and are imported via the LayoutGenerator component. This JSON is then saved to disk and bundled with the `PaperCollateralRenderer` and `PageRenderer` for prod. The layout objects contain variable strings like `@heading` or ``` @management.seed.length ```. `PaperCollateralRenderer` replaces these with real data. Variables can also specify special layout components like `>sigil:@patp`.

## Install

Install deps via npm:

```
$ npm install
```

## Build

How to build/run for development:

0. Create a `.env` file in the root directory.  Paste in Tlon's Figma API token.

1. `npm run convert` translates the Figma design to JSON via the Figma API. You can target a specific Figma document by updating the document string and page name that are found in [convert.js](https://github.com/urbit/PaperCollateralRenderer/blob/c51c80e0e5895142b41ef06d2d48de1357f328f6/convert.js#L32), lines 32 and 34.  You can retrieve a Figma document string id by opening the document in your browser and copying the string that appears before the document name.  Each document has pages, which you can target with a name string, such as our current page [Registration 1.2](https://www.figma.com/file/a4u6jBsdTgiXcrDGW61q5ngY/Tlon-Paper-Wallet-v1.2?node-id=574%3A0).

2. `npm run build:dev` builds all files for development.

3. `npm run serve` will watch for any JavaScript changes and serve the build on localhost:8000.

Making changes:

1. If you make changes to your targeted Figma document, you must re-convert the JSON with `npm run convert`.

2. Refreshing the webpage with `cmd+shift+r` will ensure that your browser doesn't render an older, cached version.

| Commands                 | Description                                   |
| -------------------------| --------------------------------------------- |
|`npm run convert`         | Import Figma design                           |
|`npm run build:dev`       | Run the development testing page              |
| or `$ npm run build:prod`| Build the library from source                 |
|`npm run serve`           | Serve & watch build on localhost:8000         |  

## Usage

```js
<PaperCollateralRenderer
  wallet={wallet}
  className={'extremely-hidden'}
  callback={data => console.log(data)}
  mode={'REGISTRATION'}
/>
```

`PaperCollateralRenderer` has four props.

|Prop Name              | Description                                  | Type
| -------------------- | --------------------------------------------- | -----
| `wallet`   | A wallet in the format below                             | Transformed keygen-js wallet object
| `className`| A class on the outer component div tag                     | `string`
| `callback` | A function to call when all PNGs have been generated | `function`
| `mode`     | Allows you to select a preset collection of PNGs to generate   | `string`, currently 'REGISTRATION' is the only option.


#### Sample Wallet Input
[Here](docs/sample-wallet.json) is a sample wallet's JSON.  More sample wallets can be found in [src/sampleWallets](src/sampleWallets)


#### License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.txt](docs/LICENSE.txt) file for details
